Fix/readme (#6)
scramjetorg/api-client-python: README.md

## Installation

> Scramjet API Python Client is available on PyPI, You can install it with simple pip command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scramjet API Python Client is published on The Python Package Index (PyPI). Installation is possible through pip command-line:
```
